
[{
        "imageNews": "newsOne",
        "title": "HOT SALE",
        "body": "In the jungle of style and fashion, accessories store Leprechaun, known for its unique take on trends, is preparing a real feast for its customers. An exclusive offer called Fire Discounts has become a real fire trend among lovers of stylish details.\nEvery visitor to Leprechaun is invited to a virtual adventure with stunning accessories at every turn. From fiery earrings to sparkling bracelets, this collection embodies a passion for style and carries with it the magic of exclusive accessories. \nBut the magic doesn't end with unique jewelry! This whole month Leprechaun is offering hot discounts on the entire collection. Simply use code FIRESTYLE at checkout in store or scan the special QR code to access exclusive offers and unique bonuses. \nDon't miss this moment, because the fire of passion and style awaits you in Leprechaun! Hurry, there are weeks of hot discounts ahead, where every purchase will be your own act of fashion magic."
    },
    {
        "imageNews": "newsTwo",
        "title": "12% Discount",
        "body": "From today until the New Year, every client who has a secret code from our application receives an incredible 12% discount on the entire range! The story began when the ancient magic of the jungle sparked Leprechaun's idea to create a unique experience for its customers. Meet the Secret Code - your ticket to the world of stylish accessories at an incredibly competitive price! To immerse yourself in this magical world of discounts, just download the Leprechaun application, where you will find your unique QR-code. At checkout, enter it and the magic of 12% off will happen like magic right in your hands. Hurry up to become part of this exciting fairy tale, where every accessory becomes part of your stylish adventures. Discover the magic of fashion with Leprechaun and treat yourself to a magical shopping experience ahead of the New Year holidays!"
    },
    {
        "imageNews": "newsThree",
        "title": "Pot of gold",
        "body": "Leprechaun store presents you a unique collection called Peas and Gold. These are not just accessories, but magic that brings you luck and style in one bottle. The story began when the ancient Leprechaun, keeper of treasures and secrets, came up with a collection inspired by his legendary pots of gold. At Leprechaun they have been transformed into amazing decorations, each containing a drop of magic. The most amazing moment: every customer of the Leprechaun store who purchases an accessory from the Polka Dots and Gold collection has the opportunity to win a real gift - real Polka Dots with gold bars! Each week, one lucky person receives this amazing gift that adds a touch of excitement to their life. To participate in the drawing, simply purchase an accessory from the collection, then enter the unique code from the packaging in the Leprechaun app. Let every choice you make be a chance for an incredible gift and magic, Leprechaun style! Discover your lucky pea and add magic to your style with the Leprechaun Polka Dots and Gold collection. May luck and style always be with you!"
 }
]
